README.md, before:


## MyFlix

I am a bit rusty as I have been in Angular world for 3 years... I hope it doesn't show. Guessing it will.


## How to run the application
    1. Download the project from GitHub
    2. Open the project in Visual Studio Code at the 'ReactDemo' root directory 
    3. Install all the NPM Packages locally in the terminal window by entering:
        > npm install
    4. Add an file to the root src directory named '.env' and add the following line with your API key:
        REACT_APP_OMDBAPI_API_KEY = "your api key goes here"
    5. Build the project:
        > npm run-script build
    5. Run the project:
        > npm start
    6. Navigate to http://localhost:3000/


## Technologoies Used
    * Node.js 16.13.0 LTS
    * React 17.0.2
    * React Bootstrap 5.1.3
    * Axios 0.24.0


## API
    [OMDb API](https://www.omdbapi.com/)
 

## Project Creation / Libraries

Create the Project
    > npx create-react-app my-flix

Install [React Bootstrap] (https://react-bootstrap.github.io/)
    > npm install react-bootstrap bootstrap@5.1.3

Install [Axios](https://www.npmjs.com/package/axios)
    > npm install axios

    Note for typescript use:
    Typescript: const axios = require('axios').default;

Install React Router
    > npm install react-router-dom

Commit message:

Partial update. MOve to fetch.

README.md, after:


## MyFlix
I am a bit rusty as I have been in Angular world for 3 years... I hope it doesn't show. Guessing it will.

This file has been written to help Junior developers setup the environment and understand the projects construction.

## TODO
    * npm vunrabilities
    * fetch
    * Tests

## Setting up your Environment
    I am using windows, there might be variations with other operating systems.
    Steps:
    1. Install Visual Studio Code from [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
    2. Have a new version of node from [here](https://nodejs.org/en/)

## How to run the application
    1. Download the project from GitHub
    2. Open the project in Visual Studio Code at the 'ReactDemo' root directory 
    3. Install all the NPM Packages locally in the terminal window (Terminal > New) by entering:
        > npm install
    4. Add an file to the root src directory named '.env' and add the following line with your API key:
        REACT_APP_OMDBAPI_API_KEY = "your api key goes here"
    5. Build the project (this is required to populate the env variables):
        > npm run-script build
    5. Run the project:
        > npm start
    6. Navigate to http://localhost:3000/


## Technologoies Used
    * Node.js 16.13.0 LTS
    * React 17.0.2
    * React Bootstrap 5.1.3
    * Axios 0.24.0


## API
    [OMDb API](https://www.omdbapi.com/)
 

## Project Creation / Libraries

Create the Project
    > npx create-react-app my-flix

Install [React Bootstrap] (https://react-bootstrap.github.io/)
    > npm install react-bootstrap bootstrap@5.1.3

Install [Axios](https://www.npmjs.com/package/axios)
    > npm install axios

    Note for typescript use:
    Typescript: const axios = require('axios').default;

Install React Router
    > npm install react-router-dom


# Commands
    View the version of node
    > node -v
